# Installer PackageThe intent of the functionality is to simplify the installation process for certain packages, it also allows you to bind packages with each other by types for your application or extension.## In a nutshellAll you need is to put this package in dependence and inherit from any of your laravel providers, it can be a package or any provider that you create and inherit from a special abstract provider. You will be able to register your providers, specify their dependencies and sequence, very useful when you need to control the connected parts of the laravel. Also, for comfortable work, there is a mini package manager that is used through the composer to quickly install extensions by filtering them by the specified types, in fact, all dependencies in this installer are based on the types of the composer's package.## Commands### InstallComplete the package installation process.```bashphp artisan install [<package>]``````bashOptions:  -u, --update          Update the package after install  -r, --reinstall       Reinstall the package after install or update```### PackagesShow a list of all existing packages on the system.```bashphp artisan packages``````bashOptions:  -p, --path            Show path provider of extension```### ReinstallReinstall the extension, complete uninstallation and full installation.```bashphp artisan reinstall [<package>]```### UninstallRemove the extension from the system, for complete removal you need to use the "--force" flag.```bashphp artisan uninstall [<package>]``````bashOptions:  -f, --force           Force uninstall```### UpdateUpdate system extension.```bashphp artisan update [<package>]``````bashOptions:    -r, --reinstall       Reinstall the package after update```### MakeCreate package extension.```bashphp artisan make [<package>]``````bashOptions:      --namespace[=NAMESPACE]      The namespace of extension      --description[=DESCRIPTION]  The description of extension      --type[=TYPE]                The type of extension [default: "bfg-app"]      --ver[=VER]                  The version of extension [default: "0.0.1"]```## The next stepFurther, you just need to inherit any of the service providers from `Bfg\Installer\Providers\InstalledProvider` and you have the following functions and provider settings at your disposal:### Properties| Property name | Property description | Default || --- | --- | --- || version | The version of extension. | 0.0.1 || name | The name of extension. | [provider-class] || child | The child type for sub extensions of extension. | `null` || type | The type to determine who owns the extension. | bfg-app || description | The description of extension. | `null` || logo | The logo of extension. | `null` |### Methods| Method name | Method description || --- | --- || installed | Executed when the provider is registered and the extension is installed. || run | Executed when the provider run method `boot` and the extension is installed. || installed_parent | Executed when the parent provider is registered and the extension is installed. || run_parent | Executed when the parent provider run method `boot` and the extension is installed. || install | Run on install extension. || update | Run on update extension. || uninstall | Run on uninstall extension. || dump | Run on dump extension. |> You can use both the standard "boot" and "register", just do not > forget to call the parent methods, otherwise the control will not > be able to be fully implemented.